you
I think successful people think out of
the box I think successful people have a
wider view of things with Albert
Einstein that said genius is ninety-nine
percent hard-working 1% thought I think
it's more about personal wealth because
for me I consider myself wealthy as a
person I am fulfilled as a mother as an
educator and I have
a circle friends that I can trust and
that I love very much I think if you
read the biography of a guy like Steve
Jobs he was an extremely difficult
person but he thought out of the box he
came with a lot of baggage he provoked
the people dealt with and he was still
very successful I don't think that you
can put it all into one box and say if
you do it like the successful people you
will be successful yourself there's no
such recipe most really intelligent
people somehow
found something to do that they really
loved but they really really loved to do
even if they were flowing behind the
heart and that they stuck with that and
got better and better and better at it
that's that's it is it's really a
question of enjoying what you do and
doing the very best at it that you can
let sit for the Filipino they find
butter on they find a way around it they
find ways to go about it and don't
accept no for an answer day they try to
solve their way around the problem
because when there's a will there's a
way right such a cliche but it happens I
do believe it's very important that be
successful is that you make your own
brand from whatever you do say that's me
and you stand by it and you focus on
where you want to go don't look that
because what is behind you you can't
change that one of my favorite quotes is
charles de gaulle who said in order to
be a great leader you have had been a
good follow and that that holds whether
you want to be a writer or a painter or
a general or a teacher or whatever
you've got to learn the rules you've
gotta learn them perfectly then you
learn to break
you